so we've been given our first dance
which is a waltz which I imagine you
glide on the floor for this when you're
doing it looks good when I watch I've
never danced like this at all
occasionally in my head but I've never
danced a waltz
this is my first experience of ballroom
I think I've always been more dusty bin
than Darcey Bussell richer than absolute
beginners and that's not a bad thing
because he won't have any bad habits but
he's you've pleasantly surprised me it's
not so much that the physical effort
it's the brain it's the dorm inside of
you your head most of my head is
probably doorman on a day-to-day basis
but this part of your head you have a
news then it was sort of stirred and
woken up by our performance and the
dance sessions as a group but now of
course the focus is even more intense
because it's just you and Aaron I love
he's a sweetie pie he's like a kid in a
candy store living he's very excited
speaking and that's it's a pleasure to
be in the studio early Aaron's been
incredible she's so patient and generous
of spirit and the walks are we
practicing I just keep wanting to look
at her because she has these beautiful
blue pulverize and I'm just like that
looking at it you know needy needy and
and because I'm not supposed to look at
her at all in a waltz the steps are
finally being absorbed constantly
thinking about the posture and you know
close the fingers for Lennie can't stand
that and the elbows are you know it's
extraordinary how much you've got to
remember what's wonderful is when you
are with Aaron and you're Pacific
gliding around the floor it's really
easy to get carried away and you want to
be able to get carried away would
actually get the feet in the right water
I think that's that's the breakthrough
isn't it that you through your yearning
for because it's just exquisite
when you get it right I'm told
fresh carry like a lamb to the slaughter
right